
**Correlation between tobacco smoker and liver cancer incidence 2000-2010
	Most people think that cigarettes have an effect on the heart and on the lung only, but many of us do not know how every cigarette smoked by humans affects the liver. Tobacco products in all its forms have a severe effect on the liver. This is because the toxins that are abundant in tobacco products cause inflammation. And chronic signs in the liver, these infections in turn increase the susceptibility to liver cancer

so the purpose of collecting this data to help smokers to git rid of these bad habbit 
**Prerequisites Prior to running the experiment make sure that the following folders exist:
	data/raw - Folder to store the external datasets
	data/transformed - Folder to store the intermediate dataset in r
	eports/figures - Target folder for generated correlation plot
**Data Sources .
	 **the first one is : Tobacco Usage in USA states in 1995- 2010 
		from kaggle website 

https://www.kaggle.com/cdc/tobacco-use



	 **the second one is : Liver cancer Incidance in USA states in 2000 - 2015
	 from data.gov website and the data is collected by query tool 

https://wonder.cdc.gov/cancer.html

	The cited datasources have already been added to this repository.

Follow these instructions if you want to use updated versions of these datasource:
	1. Download CSV ?les to folder data/raw 
	2. Set paths to CSV files in notebook Applogic.ipynb by changing the values of Tobacco_df and Cancer_df
**Running the code
	To run the code in this repository you will need to have access to a machine running python (at least version 3.5) and pip.
	Run pip install -r requirements.txt to install the required dependencies.
	Once the dependencies have been installed, start the running the code by the start button
	In the notebooks folder you’ll ?nd the following notebooks:
	Applogic.ipynb
	Running this notebook generates a dataset consisting of the number of livercancer incidance and the tobacco usage in the usa per year by preprocessing and accumulating the data provided by the datasources mentioned above.
	The resulting dataset is located at data/transformed/transformed.csv
	02_visualization.ipynb
	This notebook takes the data generated by running Applogic.ipynb as input and generates a plot to visualize correlations between the data points.
	The resulting plot is stored at figures/virtualization.png 
